Personal Information :

User hereinafter referred to as (“You”) . any solution is owner and operator of  any solution’s Mobile Application for on demand home services (“any solution App”),collectively, including all content provided by any solution through the any solution App  “any solution Service”

You have right not to supply personally identifiable information. If You intend to view this any solution Service and/or or share your data with the any solution Service, it is solely at your own volition, risk and after reading and confirming it to this Privacy Policy.

At the time of using the any solution Service you will share certain Personal Information with any solution, any solution respects your Personal Information. Such Personal Information may include your personal identifiable information such as your name, address, mobile number, your e-mail ids, location and any other personal information which You may share in connection with the services.

When you use any solution’s Service through any solution App, any solution may use Your mobile device’s ID (the unique identification assigned to a mobile device by the manufacturer). any solution does this to store your preferences and track your use of any solution App. You understand and agree that any solution has every right to share such ID with third parties for its promotions, analysis, etc.

In case You participate in any other schemes, facilities, services provided by the any solution Service, You will be required to provide additional information. Such information will also remain in any solution’s database and will be considered as your Personal Information and will be treated as confidential.


Protection of Information and Storage :

any solution needs to caution You that the any solution Service could be vulnerable to hacking, virus attacks and your personal data may be at risk. any solution takes all the necessary and reasonable caution to protect the any solution Service and data.

Advertisements :

On the any solution App and/or the Website, any solution might post advertisements provided by Advertisers. These Advertisers might set mobile device id on their Apps. any solution is not responsible for any of these Advertisers. You on your entire risk and volition are advised to deal with the Advertisers if You intend to. By allowing such advertisements any solution do not recommend or market or warranty the Advertisers, quality, commitment, deliverables, genuineness and Advertisers commitment to protect your Personal Information.

Pre-approved Sharing of Personal Information :


any solution endeavours to protect your Personal Information. any solution may share your Personal Information with its sponsors, service providers and its business partners. Personal Information could be shared so that you may receive newsletters, offers, information about new products, services, launches, facilities, schemes and other information, if applicable. The information collected from You and other users may be analysed in different manners. any solution may also share such analysis with its service providers and its business partners.

In case any solution is required to disclose your Personal Information in order to assist the Government Authority or in adherence to the Court or to protect the interest of the any solution Service and/or any particular user(s), any solution will disclose it without obtaining prior permission from you.

Changes to Privacy Policy :

any solution have and continue to have the right to modify, change or update Privacy Policy at any time. However, any solution will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent with Privacy Policy at the time you shared Personal Information. You are encouraged to check the any solution Service often to get updated about Privacy Policy. You acknowledge that by virtue of usage of the any solution Service you provide acceptance of the Privacy Policy. All questions to be addressed to saurabh.anysolutions@gmail.com

